Skyfire Thor
Earthfire Thor
Attacked by General Wulin
The Jade Emperor bestowed thunder to go to the Immortal Extinction Realm
That is, as soon as you enter Lülin
How can the Taoist priest beat me with this kind of magic weapon?
Ah, it's not easy to be sparse, I have the courage, I can't hold it anymore
Priest, don't hold on. It's useless
You, the last Taoist priest, dare to fight with me
Shouldn't it be eaten by me?
You want to hurt people?
I'm afraid you have to ask me what I mean
This curiosity is stupid and itchy
So mellow
There is so much deliciousness in this world
If you can eat it
Your heart must be better than that stinky Taoist priest
Eat me 500 times
I don't know the sky and the earth
The locals are afraid that you will not have this ability.
I am not afraid of the 5,000-year round emperor of the Shang Dynasty
Not to mention you
Such a powerful force
I feel like my power is multiplying
Odor nine tails
See how much more you can eat locally